#7493 - excel. commands reviewed (#56)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon: G1ANT.Addon.MSOffice/G1ANT.Addon.MSOffice/Commands/ExcelSwitchCommand.md

| `errorjump`    | [label](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/LabelStructure.md) | no       |                                                             | Name of the label to jump to when the command throws an exception or when a given `timeout` expires |
| `errormessage` | [text](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/TextStructure.md) | no       |                                                             | A message that will be shown in case the command throws an exception or when a given `timeout` expires, and no `errorjump` argument is specified |
| `errorresult`  | [variable](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/VariableStructure.md) | no       |                                                             | Name of a variable that will store the returned exception. The variable will be of [error](G1ANT.Language/G1ANT.Language/Structures/ErrorStructure.md) structure  |

For more information about `if`, `timeout`, `errorcall`, `errorjump`, `errormessage` and `errorresult` arguments, see [Common Arguments](G1ANT.Manual/appendices/common-arguments.md) page.

## Example

> In order to use the `id` argument for the `excel.switch` command, you need to set an ID while using the `excel.open` command. The following example opens an empty Excel sheet, then an Excel file located on your Desktop. Both instances have their IDs stored in their respective `♥excel1` and `♥excel2` variables. Finally, the first ID is used to switch to the first Excel instance:

Reviewer: You can't set an ID for opened by Robot excel instances. However, you can store the automatically set IDs in some variable using the result argument
so change this sentence:
```In order to use the `id` argument for the `excel.switch` command, you need to set an ID while using the `excel.open` command.```

Author: ```suggestion
In order to use the `id` argument for the `excel.switch` command, you need to store an Excel instance ID in a variable while using the `excel.open` command. The following example opens an empty Excel sheet, then an Excel file located on your Desktop. Both instances have their IDs stored in their respective `♥excel1` and `♥excel2` variables. Finally, the first ID is used to switch to the first Excel instance:
```
